[Music]
you guys I just finished my workout
and I love I love love love my new yoga
mat round is called b1 yoga I'm gonna
put a link to Amazon which is where I
bought it from and you can read up on it
it was eligible for Amazon Prime even
though it doesn't take two days but it's
great it does not move guys my other mat
was slipping and sliding all over the
place and this just stays put no matter
what Tracey Anderson move you're doing
and as you know Tracey Anderson moves
require you to kind of like slide into
other positions versus sort of naturally
get up to change a position so you need
a lot more traction and this was amazing
I recommend it
it was around $30.00 I think as far as
yoga mats go and it's a good thickness
and I think that's very reasonably price
you can spend hundreds of dollars on
yoga mats I'm very very happy with it so
that's that I think I have to go to Home
Depot guys because this plant is not
doing very well at all the little bottom
plan to starting to die and I think it's
because it's not getting enough light
and I think that I also need to repot it
but I'm gonna go to the garden center in
there and find out from anybody what
their expertise would suggest so that is
that in other news it is bright outside
it is sunny I'm excited because it's
sunny so to be a nicer journey to Home
Depot just making just heating up some
of my cauliflower soup and then I think
I'm going to head out you guys were so
funny about the Boris on cheese the
amount of messages I got about Boris on
I know it's like a golden oldie that
people forget about and as you guys know
I'm not a huge cheese person but I just
had a hankering yesterday also in other
news I'm full of news this morning I
found a mirror to go above my credenza
it's a round mirror
found two on Craigslist that I like that
are just gorgeous so fingers crossed I'm
waiting for one of them to get back to
me to say that it's still available and
then I'm gonna go out and try and get my
mirror I don't know if it'll happen
today but who knows so why should be
uShip or warning
well actually afternoon finally at the
house headed to the train station I was
cold today which is nice thing cuz cuz
the sun's out
[Music]
Thomas a home depot and then I'm gonna
go into Home sense because I saw two
birds that I thought would look really
nice on my fireplace so I want to see if
they're still there well that was a bust
I went to the wrong Home Depot the other
Home Depot has a garden center so I'm
gonna quickly run into home scents and
then I'll go to Katie and tire because I
think that they have a garden center my
birds are gone but there's so much other
stuff I could buy tons of stuff here
seriously tons oh my goodness all the
things I want to buy but I can't afford
right now I really want to replace my
couch it was sort of it was the first
thing that I could really afford when I
moved back and so I just bought the
nicest cheapest couch that I could find
and now that I have my place coming
together I really want a nice couch so
yeah and also it a rug actually I really
want to replace so much stuff but yeah
it's a slow process right and
to just buy classic pieces and then no
matter what you do it'll all come
together
alright I've taken a bit of a detour I
need you to really try to find a
gardening center now and so the next
stop is I think they have a gardening
center so we'll see
um what happened to the garden center
don't need ladders this is proving to be
quite a feat this is what the second
time I've tried to go into pot the plan
to get something for the plant I really
don't want it to die on me guys well
that was a bit hopeless
I'm off home and I got an email from my
landlord apparently there's been a huge
flood in the laundry room and they can't
get anybody to fix it till after the new
year into January because it requires
jackhammering the floors and trying to
find the pipe that's blocked so in the
meantime
use a launderette
oh my goodness
what a nightmare I'm so glad I did
laundry though yet the day before
yesterday so I'm good for a while but I
have things that I need to do so I'm
gonna walk on my way home I'm gonna walk
past the laundrette and see how it works
well that was a bust
all round Jim when I came home with
after all that mascara this is my
favorite mascara I've been using it for
years got at least 10 I love it the
brush is not a brush it's like a comb
and you can go through each lashes
individually it never clumps and it gets
some really long and I like it so I
needed some more and then at my
housewarming party one of my champagne
glasses got broken so I went to see b2
so now I've got eight again instead of
seven all right
the landlord's supposed to come and have
a look at my bathroom sink because it is
overflowing and what else can I tell you
yeah it was a real bust guys I'm kind of
disappointed to be quite honest with you
but what to do such is life sometimes
you know what on the plus side I I
didn't spend money so there you know
there's there's a silver lining to
everything is there not it's Friday so I
am making linguine I haven't had it in
forever and I've got like half a bottle
of red wine left from yesterday so I am
gonna have linguini and finish watching
the crown I'm on my last episode I
believe so right picked up towards the
end has anyone else watching the crown
see you tomorrow guys what is it two
more days till the end of vlogmas I'm
gonna stop vlogging on the 24th yeah but
I might do a Christmas bonus video we'll
see we'll see we'll see what's love
[Music]